README.md, before:

# Readme Generator

![license badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-success)

## Description

This App generates a readme file based on user inputs from the terminal.

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#Description)
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [License](#License)
- [Contribution](#Contribution)
- [Test](#Test)
- [Questions](#Questions)


## Installation

Clone the Project. Then use npm install in terminal to install the project.

## Usage

To run the app type node index.js from the root directory
### Sample Readme
To see a sample readme generated using the app [click HERE](https://github.com/abedhasan79/Readme-Generator/tree/main/sample%20readme) . The link takes you to the github repository where the file is stored.

### Walkthrough Video


## License
The Application is covered under MIT license
Learn more about the license from the following link: [https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit)

## Contribution

Please Contribute with issues and improvements

## Test

N/A

## Questions

GitHub: abedhasan79. [Click here](https://github.com/abedhasan79) to go to my github profile

For aditional questions reach me at abedhasan79@gmail.com

Commit message:

added walkthrough video link in readme file

README.md, after:

# Readme Generator

![license badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-success)

## Description

This App generates a readme file based on user inputs from the terminal.

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#Description)
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [License](#License)
- [Contribution](#Contribution)
- [Test](#Test)
- [Questions](#Questions)


## Installation

Clone the Project. Then use npm install in terminal to install the project.

## Usage

To run the app type node index.js from the root directory
### Sample Readme
To see a sample readme generated using the app [click HERE](https://github.com/abedhasan79/Readme-Generator/tree/main/sample%20readme) . The link takes you to the github repository where the file is stored.

### Walkthrough Video
[click here](https://app.castify.com/view/57ad4387-5c7e-4b4d-8df2-fa3a11f41691) to see a walkthrough video of the app.

## License
The Application is covered under MIT license
Learn more about the license from the following link: [https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit)

## Contribution

Please Contribute with issues and improvements

## Test

N/A

## Questions

GitHub: abedhasan79. [Click here](https://github.com/abedhasan79) to go to my github profile

For aditional questions reach me at abedhasan79@gmail.com
